small updates (#856)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/combobox/getting-started.md

<snippet id='combobox-getting-started-complex-object-xaml'/>

> > When binding to a complex objects, ComboBox `DisplayMemberPath` property needs to be set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When binding to complex objects, always set the ComboBox `DisplayMemberPath` property.
```

**2.** Add the `telerik` namespace:

 ```XAML
xmlns:telerik="http://schemas.telerik.com/2022/xaml/maui"
 ```

**3.** Define a sample business model:

<snippet id='combobox-city-businessmodel'/>

**4.** Add the ViewModel:

<snippet id='combobox-cities-viewmodel'/>

> **5.** Set the binding context after `InitializeComponent()` in page's code behind:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**5.** Set the binding context after `InitializeComponent()` in the page's code behind:
```

```C#
this.BindingContext = new ViewModel();
```

Here is the result:

![ComboBox Binding](images/combobox-getting-started-complex-data.png)

> >important For the ComboBox Getting Started example refer to the [SDKBrowser Demo Application]({%slug sdkbrowser-app%}) and navigate to **ComboBox > Getting Started** category.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>important For the ComboBox Getting Started example, refer to the [SDKBrowser Demo Application]({%slug sdkbrowser-app%}) and navigate to the **ComboBox > Getting Started** category.
```
